All of the configuration on the Java side takes place in one file,
and that's our security config.
So we're going to go down to src, main, java,
com.pluralsight.conference and open up our ConferenceSecurityConfig.
Then inside of here,
I'm going to start breaking some things up so that you
can see them a little bit easier.
I'm going to go down to this .and and give it a little whitespace
between those sections because we're going to start adding more and
more sections throughout this module.
But for now, we need to add two things to here.
I'm going to go to our .loginProcessingUrl line and go to the end of that
and add a new line below that and type in .failureUrl,
and I want to put in there a login?error=true.
Now notice there's not a semicolon on the end of that.
I can't stress that enough that this is using the builder pattern approach.
Then I'm going to add one more line here and say .permitAll. And
now this .and section contains all the configuration that we
need inside of our app to handle a URL failure that sends it
back to the processing page.
Now you don't have to do it this way.
There are other ways,
but we're going to redirect back to our login page with a
parameter on the URL saying error=true.
And then we specify .permitAll because we want to be able to
allow everybody who does this to see this. If not, it would require them to be logged in to that failure URL.